# Why
Why I bought my house, my garage didn't have an opener. So I went online and bought a groupon for a garage door and got it installed, I bought the cheapest one. When the installers showed up, they only had a much more epensive unit, with wifi connectivity and a battery. Myy guess is they tried to do this as an upsell routine, however I was quite happy with a cheap one, and told them they could schedule another install date, or drive back and install it tonight. Due to the fact it was rush hour and they were a bit away this would have probably taken more time than they could bill for, and they installed the nice one with wifi. Being a bit of a technofile I setup the wifi and installed led lightbulbs (my downfall).

Well eventually I discovered the remote control for my call (the clicker) didn't work well. It worked fine for openeing the garage door, but for closing it it seldomly worked. I had a theory for this. Given that this only occured when the door was up I figured it was due to the fact that when my car was on the street and that the street is a bit higher than inside my garage it ends up that the height where the clicker is in my car corresponds to the height of the both the garage door opener atenna, and the garage door itself when it is up. Since radio waves communicate in a straight line from the transimtter to the recieer, it may have to go through lots of material. In this case it would have to go through the whole length of the door(~7 feet). However I could always close it if I signed into the myq app and closed it from my phone. This was not ideal, as I would have to drive a little ways away so that my phone know it couldn't reach my wifi(or else it would just fail), and then pull over and futz with my phone untill I could close the garage door. There had to be a better way.

Well the better way was to have my phone automate this. I found the myq-garage project and quickly wrapped it with a webserver. Now anybody could open or close my garage door if they knew my ip, and sent it a web request(or watched for traffic and replayed it). I knew security would help, but it is hard I have to pay for certificates and figure all that out, that was until I discovered https://letsencrypt.org. You can get free certificates. This worked fine till I got a bit more ambitions. My dynamic dns provider (https://duckdns.org) allows you to use any sub subdomain and auto route it to the same ip. Dynamic DNS is cool, because most ISPs will change your ip adress over time, and to prevent you from having to remember it, you can map a domain name like test.duckdns.org to your IP, so you can always reach your home computer. Anyways subsub domains allow if you owned test.duckdns.org, and someone requsted hello.test.duckdns.org it would map to the same ip as test.duckdns.org. The problem is as you request more and more subdomains each on needs a new certificate from letsencyrpt. Looking into this more I discovered that letsencyrpt had a way to get a wildcard certificate, so I could register *.test.duckdns.org, and it would match anything, hi.test.duckdns.org , bye.test.duckdns.org. The only problem was that I was using traefik for talking to duckdns, which used the go-acme/lego to do this, and it didn't have support for duckdns.org. So I added it. Eventually a few people came along and made it better, and then that version finally made it back into traefik. Now everything was great. However I came to realize that not many people knew how to easily and freely get wildcard TLS certs for home webservers. So I made github.com/KnicKnic/traefik_duckdns . I then documented all the garage door stuff and put that up. I want to call out that merely putting a website behind TLS does not secure everything you send to it. You still need a password, the domain name is not sufficient. As explained https://spreadprivacy.com/what-does-https-do/ you need some secret key after the domain name, which I explain how to easily do with traefik.